feat(launchpad): new wc menu-trigger and launchpad (#581)
Finastra/finastra-design-system: libs/web-components/launchpad/README.md

# Launchpad

> The `<fds-launchpad>` is the menu that is part of the [Global Navigation Patern](https://design.fusionfabric.cloud/patterns/global-navigation?tab=design) that allow a smooth navigation between products. The default patern just need `apps` that follow the format returned by the __UX App Discover__ [API](https://developer.fusionfabric.cloud/api/ux-app-b2e-v1-5a288578-e832-11ea-adc1-0242ac120002/docs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<fds-launchpad>` is the menu that is part of the [Global Navigation Patern](https://design.fusionfabric.cloud/patterns/global-navigation?tab=design) that allows a smooth navigation between products. The default pattern just needs `apps` that follow the format returned by the __UX App Discover__ [API](https://developer.fusionfabric.cloud/api/ux-app-b2e-v1-5a288578-e832-11ea-adc1-0242ac120002/docs).
```

> You can customize the __Tools__ section using `app-card` to add elements to it (c.f. [storybook](https://finastra.github.io/finastra-design-system/))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can customize the __Tools__ section using `app-card` to add elements to it (c.f. [storybook](https://finastra.github.io/finastra-design-system/?path=/story/components-launchpad--custom-tools))
```
